what happened in this school can't be
explained but it was one hell of a night
we wanted to begin Rangers those dudes
are Mays and I'd do anything to be down
with that click June tries to be an
annus click we've gotta get the drawers
off that on the phone
what does it matter well on the Kim
Kardashian now you're saying black guys
tonight is the unity in the community
school dance aniseh locky you know
happens at the lock-in
[Music]
no dance
I only got one booty hole you understand
I'm saying they don't take debit or
credit and nothing in here it's just
[Applause]
[Music]
this is your baby okay you just like
empty now there's a white child that
maybe got 730 as a credit rating right
now as an infant